[Music]
tell me about this boat boat is a
performing hall it's a wooden floor
sport boat very very easy to plane one
of our best-selling boats actually okay
and so this is a little bit more
complicated to assemble then either the
roll up certainly than a rib or the or
the high-pressure floors and yet you get
a really rigid floor structure very
rigid and again it transmits the
horsepower from the motor to forward
propulsion as efficiently as any of our
other boats okay and this is available
in two different lengths this is the 275
what's the other size the other side is
a 310 this is about a nine foot boat the
other one it's just over 10 feet long
okay so this would be good I mean if
you're actually it'll probably hold four
people but this is really more of a
two-person boat really meant for two
people okay MB the 310 might be three or
four people correct
okay you know normally when we talk
about how many people abode holds it's
the Coast Guard maximum rating but you
end up having your knees touching and
you know bigger boats give you that much
more room and inevitably they perform
better so the 275 is fantastic and it's
our second most popular boat in the
entire West main line that you might
want to consider the 310 if you go with
more than two people
about 13 or 14 miles an hour hold two to
three adults and you can pull it up at
the end of the day and put it in your
laser read it has a v-shaped bottom
because it has the inflatable keel at
the bottom and as a result you get a
relatively smooth ride but it doesn't
carve turns quite as well as the ribs
[Music]
this boat is the shortest of the fleet
we're going to see that can get up on a
plane so it's going to take the longest
time and it's got the little 8 horse
mercury on it so let's give it a try
probably about 10 seconds or so
not bad
[Music]